Now I'm going to quickly go through and take the rest of the information that I want to be overlaid
in our edit at these different points where I have these placeholders and I'm going to apply the same
graphic style and animation to these title cards.
So I'm going to my notes tab.
I'm copying it going here, hitting paste.
I'm going to change the thickness of the font again so that there's a little bit of a variance and a
little bit of a different weight to this.
Different fonts.
And let's go to the next one.
I'm going to copy the filter that we like.
I'm going to go in.
I'm going to turn this to the light font type.
And I'm going to turn on the stroke.
Put this in to five bedrooms, six bathrooms.
It's a lot of bedrooms.
OK.
And our final one with this nice, huge pool.
I really want to swim in that.
OK.
Boom.
And stroke two.
Oh, OK.
OK, great.
So these are looking really good, and in the next video lesson, I'm going to go over how to create
an even more upgraded motion graphic for the end of this specific project.
So in this video lesson coming up, we're going to actually be diving into this process in After Effects.
And I will see you there.